Allow release from `stable` in release process (#5367)
ChainSafe/lodestar: RELEASE.md

- To include a major bug-fix, optimization, or feature.
- To include a series of small changes which have shown to improve performance, usability, etc.
- If significant or risky PRs are waiting to merge and we wish to try and isolate those changes to a future release. I.e., to leave a "clean slate" for future PRs to apply to.

> - An external team or entity needs a specific feature that the team has agreed to publish

Reviewer: all other bullet points seem to end with a `.`

```suggestion
- An external team or entity needs a specific feature that the team has agreed to publish.
```

#### All-in-one script (for example version `v1.1.0`, commit `9fceb02`):

- The team selects a commit from `unstable` as a "release candidate" for a new version release.

>   - NOTE: In some rare circumstances, the team may select a commit from `stable`. This may happen if a tight deadline needs to be met and `unstable` can't be stablized in time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - NOTE: In some rare circumstances, the team may select a commit from `stable`. This may happen if a tight deadline needs to be met and `unstable` can't be stabilized in time. We should avoid doing this unless absolutely necessary as merge conflicts and unintended consequences of cherrypicking commits may arise.
```

Reviewer 2: Just added a bit more context here.

>   - NOTE: In some rare circumstances, the team may select a commit from `stable`. This may happen if a tight deadline needs to be met and `unstable` can't be stabilized in time. We should avoid doing this unless absolutely necessary as merge conflicts and unintended consequences of cherrypicking commits may arise.

Reviewer: makes it easier to read, also this is spelling as per [git docs](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-cherry-pick)

```suggestion
  - NOTE: In some rare circumstances, the team may select a commit from `stable`. This may happen if a tight deadline needs to be met and `unstable` can't be stabilized in time. We should avoid doing this unless absolutely necessary as merge conflicts and unintended consequences of cherry-picking commits may arise.
```
